Salazar feels the rusty sliver of paradox from his magickal feat slide under his thumbnail as he watches cargo shorts bro hug a couple more dudes but then their forms start to wobble and bleed colors as the they move. 

The Bag Lady begains some kind of crazy prayer and John feels a strange elation that smells like lilacs while the words of the prayer march towards like wave after wave of domino soliders. 

As the finally ghostly echoes of word soldiers fade away you can both hear the voice of the Bag Lady, now magnified into a roar. "Ignore all that sweeties. That's the just the acid." And then she blows a puff of some kind of ash into the wind that carries away the rest of the reality you were standing in. 







how to approach this? maybe from the outside? 
do they find themselves together or not as they start?

could be an individual discussion Could be salazar gets a little lost. 


movie style establishing shot?

I think it would be better to ease into it from salazar's point of view. he's about to get a drop of spirit magick. 


Bag Lady is working magick

she's going to give all three of them the ability to see avatars. Seeing avatars is Mind 3/Prime 2/Spirit 1
adding the sharing of that as Life 2. 

That's a complex effect. 

Alba has:
  Mental d10
  Tradition d8
  Occult d10
  Arete d12
  Mind d8
  Prime d6
  Spirit d10
  
  [going to remove the casting time because that's more or less dependent on the practice. and it's extra dice we don't need to use. ]

Reality gets:
  Effect d8
  Mind d8
  Prime d6 
  Spirit d4
  Duration Prime d8, long enough to have a conversation

Plus whatever paradox I feel like using.

